[Multi-bucket] Storage - add multi bucket setup and usage examples (#7858)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/storage/upload-files/index.mdx

<InlineFilter filters={["react", "angular", "javascript", "vue", "nextjs", "react-native"]}>

### Specify a bucket

> We also have the ability to target a specific bucket by passing the bucket option to the `uploadData` request. The bucket option can either be A string representing the target bucket's assigned name in Amplify Backend or an object specifying the bucket name and region from the console.. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also perform upload operation against a specific bucket by providing `bucket` option. It can either be a string representing the target bucket's assigned name in Amplify Backend or an object specifying the bucket name and region from the console.
```

> See [Configure additional storage buckets](/[platform]/build-a-backend/storage/set-up-storage/#configure-additional-storage-buckets) for more information.

Reviewer: I think we can remove this since the info provided is already in the table below

Author: I added this suggestion.

<InlineFilter filters={["react", "angular", "javascript", "vue", "nextjs", "react-native"]}>

### Upload to a specified bucket

You can also perform an upload operation to a specific bucket by providing the `bucket` option. This option can either be a string representing the target bucket's assigned name in Amplify Backend or an object specifying the bucket name and region from the console.

> See [additional storage bucket usage](/[platform]/build-a-backend/storage/set-up-storage/#additional-storage-bucket-usage) for more information.

Reviewer: Please remove this. The same info is available from the below table

Author: Removed. It might be worth keeping the link back to the main docs though?

> ```ts title="Provide bucket as a string"

Reviewer: lets not do this as a title and still keep this bit in comment. same applies everywhere

Author: Done.

import { uploadData } from 'aws-amplify/storage';

try {
  const result = uploadData({
    path: "album/2024/1.jpg",
    data: file,
    options: {
      bucket: "assignedNameInAmplifyBackend"
    }
  }).result;
} catch (error) {
  console.log(`Error: ${error}`)
}
```
```ts title="Provide bucket as an object"

> options: {

Reviewer: lets provide full code example. The other way has backfired on us before. but we can keep it absolute required plus the option. Same everywhere

Author: I've made this change. I agree that the full examples have less potential to confuse readers.

  bucket: { 
    bucketName: "bucket-name-from-console", 
    region: "us-east-2" 
  }
}
```

</InlineFilter>

<InlineFilter filters={["react", "angular", "javascript", "vue", "nextjs", "react-native"]}>

### More upload options

> Option | Type | Default | Description |

Reviewer: most of this should have some sort of default somewhere not in options we should mention that here i think. lets revisit this bit tomorrow

Author: I'm not sure exactly what you mean here. Are you suggesting explicitly calling out that the options object does not need to be supplied at all and defaults will be applied to some extent regardless?

Author: Resolved offline.
